feat(inputs.modbus): Add workaround for devices with smaller batch size (#18871)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/modbus/README.md

    ##   upper -- use only upper byte of the register (XX00 XX00 XX00 XX00)
    ## By default both bytes of the register are used (XXXX XXXX).
    # string_register_location = ""

    ## Force the plugin to read each field in a separate request.
    ## This might be necessary for devices not conforming to the spec,
    ## see https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/issues/12071.
    # one_request_per_field = false

    ## Maximum number of coil or discrete-input registers to read per request
    ## The specification defines this limit as 2000 but some devices only
    ## support a smaller number per request
    # max_bit_registers_per_request = 2000

    ## Maximum number of input or holding registers to read per request

>     ## The specification defines this limits to 125 but some devices only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## The specification defines this limit as 125 but some devices only
```
